app/vlinsert/syslog: fixed structured data parsing (#7801)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [`stats` pipe](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#stats-pipe): add [`count_uniq_hash`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#count_uniq_hash-stats) function, which counts the number of unique value hashes. This number is usually a good approximation to the number of unique values, so the `count_uniq_hash` can be used as a faster alternative to [`count_uniq`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#count_uniq-stats).

> * BUGFIX: [syslog data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/syslog/): fixed data ingestion for case, when multiple spaces are between structured data or space at the end of stuctured data list. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7776).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [syslog data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/syslog/): correctly parse rows with multiple consecutive spaces between fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7776).
```
